Alright, now we are ready to download and install python.
The first thing I want you to do is open up your browser and
head over to Python.org. On this page,
under the downloads, you can see the latest version of Python currently
the latest version is 3.7. Chances are in the future
when you're watching this video there's a newer version available, don't worry all the
materials in this course will continue to apply to future version
of Python. So go ahead and download Python.
And then run it. If you're on Windows
you're going to see this check box here, add Python path
this is very important, make sure to take it otherwise you're not going to be able to
follow the course. So now go ahead and install it.
Now let's verify that we have
installed Python properly. If you're on Windows
here in this search bar type cmd which is short for
command prompt. Now here in command prompt
type python, you can see we have successfully installed
python version 3.7. Now to
exit, press control z, and then enter.
Done. If you're on Mac
press command and space, this opens up the spotlight search
so here type terminal.
Terminal on Mac is like command prompt on Windows. Now
Mac and Linux by default come with an older version of Python, that is version 2,
so if you type Python you can see Python 2 here. That's not
what we want. So press control D to exit and then run
python 3. And this verfiies that we have
successfully installed Python 3.7.